Add explanation for MapKeys (#182)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-5-ReceivedAssets.md

#### LSP5ReceivedAssetsMap

> References received smart contract assets, like tokens (_e.g.: [LSP7 Digital Assets](./LSP-7-DigitalAsset)_) and NFTs (_e.g.: [LSP8 Identifiable Digital Assets](./LSP-8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset)_). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of an asset is present in the `LSP5ReceivedAssets[]` array without looping all over it on-chain, and identify where the asset address is located for easy access to change or remove this specific asset from the array. It also allows for the detection of the interfaceId supported by the asset.

Author: ```suggestion
References received smart contract assets, like tokens (_e.g.: [LSP7 Digital Assets](./LSP-7-DigitalAsset)_) and NFTs (_e.g.: [LSP8 Identifiable Digital Assets](./LSP-8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset)_). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of an asset is present in the `LSP5ReceivedAssets[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP5ReceivedAssets[]` the asset address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific asset from the array. Finally, it also allows dectecting the interface supported by the asset.
```

> References received smart contract assets, like tokens (_e.g.: [LSP7 Digital Assets](./LSP-7-DigitalAsset)_) and NFTs (_e.g.: [LSP8 Identifiable Digital Assets](./LSP-8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset)_). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of an asset is present in the `LSP5ReceivedAssets[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP5ReceivedAssets[]` the asset address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific asset from the array. Finally, it also allows dectecting the interface supported by the asset.

Author: ```suggestion
References received smart contract assets, like tokens (_e.g.: [LSP7 Digital Assets](./LSP-7-DigitalAsset)_) and NFTs (_e.g.: [LSP8 Identifiable Digital Assets](./LSP-8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset)_). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of an asset is present in the `LSP5ReceivedAssets[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP5ReceivedAssets[]` the asset address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific asset from the array. Finally, it also allows the detection of the interface supported by the asset.
```
